docs: renaming Sessions panel to Snapshots (#502)
telerik/fiddler-everywhere-docs: collaboration/saving-data.md

 - Numbers (0-9).
 - Dashes (`-`), underscores (`_`), and blank spaces.

>  >tip Note that saving a session's snapshots in Fiddler will effectively store the snapshots in the local storage (when using local save) or in the Fiddler's cloud space (when using cloud save). If you need to work with a session file, you should use [the **Export** option]({%slug fiddler-export-and-import%}) which enables you to produce a file in various known formats (like SAZ, HTTPArchive, etc.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 >tip Note that saving a snapshot's sessions in Fiddler will effectively store them either in the application local storage (when using local save) or in Fiddler's cloud space (when using cloud save). If you need to create a file with sessions, you should use [the **Export** option]({%slug fiddler-export-and-import%}) which enables you to produce a file in various known formats (like SAZ, HTTPArchive, etc.).
```

    ![Snapshot UI options](../images/collaboration/save-session-ui-buttons.png)
0

> - Use the UI buttons at the top to **import** session snapshots or access previously **Shared Snapshots** snapshots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the UI buttons at the top to **import** session snapshots or access previously **Shared Snapshots**.
```
